Feature 153 intermed files (#168)
dtcenter/METplotpy: docs/Users_Guide/ens_ss.rst

> the first is a default configuration file, bar_defaults.yaml that is found in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the first is a default configuration file, ens_ss_defaults.yaml that is found in the
```

$METPLOTPY_SOURCE/METplotpy/metplotpy/plots/config directory.  All default
configuration files are located in the $METPLOTPY_SOURCE/METplotpy/metplotpy/plots/config
directory.  $METPLOTPY_SOURCE is the user-specified directory
where the METplotpy source code has been saved.  **Default configuration files are automatically loaded by the plotting code and do not
need to be explicitly specified when generating a plot**. The second required YAML configuration file is a
user-supplied "custom" configuration file that is used to customize/override the default

> settings in the bar_defaults.yaml file.  The custom configuration file can be an empty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
settings in the ens_ss_defaults.yaml file.  The custom configuration file can be an empty
```
